update quota management for profiling launch (#6778)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/quotas/manage-transaction-quota.mdx

---
title: Manage Your Performance Units Quota
keywords: ['best practices']
sidebar_order: 40

> description: 'Learn how to use the tools Sentry provides to control the type and amount of transactions that you pay for.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn how to use the tools Sentry provides to control the type and amount of performance units that you pay for.'
```
